What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
You change the directory to a git directory by adding a .git folder. You need to do it if you want to track file versions with git.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
The staging area works as a temporary area between the repository and working directory. It allow a temporary stage before a final commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
Don't really know how to answer this one... maybe because while the file is in the staging area, you can always make modifications before commiting. If I want to add more changes in the same logical change, I can remove the file from the staging area, make the changes and add it back, only commiting when I'm sure I have finished the logical change. The staging area prevents the repository from having several commits with the same logical change due to incomplete commits.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
If I want to try something out but keep the main code intact, like experimenting for example, a branch would help. Another example would be if I want to keep developing new features, but also want to keep a functional version for demos, or change language.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
The diagrams clearly show the branches, parents and reachable/unreachable commits. With the diagrams, you see the flow of development keeping it on track.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
Mergin two branches combines the code from both branches, keeping a link to the commits from each branch. We get the full code with all the code changes in case we need to track them. the representation helps us vizualize what each branch was developing or in other words, each development path: from split (branch) to merge.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
